chore: bump cardano-node to 1.35.7 (#827)
input-output-hk/cardano-js-sdk: packages/cardano-services/README.md

The _Docker images_ produced by the SDK and the _docker compose infrastructures_ (_mainnet_, _preprod_ and _local-network_) it includes are ready to be used in
production environment.

> Running [cardano-node](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-node/releases/tag/1.35.7) on _mainnet_ requires a minimum of 24GB RAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running [cardano-node] on _mainnet_ requires a minimum of 24GB RAM.
```

Best to not add maintenance overhead here. The suggestion will add the link sourced [here](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-js-sdk/pull/827/files#diff-8190db84f584e67953bdc740053321b6a4d4ede419843a7bd47f90bab2729fc4R208)

Author: Nice, thank you!
5c4d690 should solve this

> To use _mainnet_, `cardano-node` my require a huge amount of RAM; this can lead to be killed due to OOM. The solution may be platform dependant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `cardano-node` on _mainnet_ requires a minimum of 24GB RAM.
```

Keep it simple 😃 
https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-node/releases/tag/1.35.7

Author: 31a7c161 should solve this
